"Glorifying, the day of glorifying all the worldly deities, all the worldly invisible beings,
really glorifying deities, and in Tibetan they call them zamli chasim, so it means there is a big
purification there for the whole world, and then I heard what that means.
This is the first time Guru Padmasambha performed the big purification of fire puja in Tibet to
glorify all the worldly deities once everyone is under his command, or they took oath, and they
took bodhijata vows, rafuja vows to protect dharma,
and then they were a big celebration of glorifying with fire puja, so today is that day. I heard
this full moon, so that today is a very special day, and that's what I really thought we'd do today
.
So this is my video. Since we didn't do this here, this year at least, and then it's so beautiful
here with stupa, really nice, really beautiful. Thank you Thapam. Wonderful. It's very cold, but I
feel okay.
No, no. There's so many, right? Wow. Just a moment. Okay, thank you. Yeah, we get down and do again
. Very good. Okay, this is our, what's called, rising up the wind, wind hole.
Okay.
[singing]
(singing in foreign language)